Combat menu options:
1. Physical attack (attack the enemy with your melee weapon)
2. Magic attack (unlocked some time into the story; attack the enemy with a magic
spell)
3. Talk (befriend, ask for money, or ask for an item)
4. Guard (intentionally tank a hit, but take less damage; could be useful when talking
to an enemy if first attempt fails)
5. Dodge (always have a chance to unintentionally dodge; choosing this option raises
this dodge chance successfully; if a player intentionally dodges, they catch the
opponent off guard and get 2 consecutive turns)
6. Run (attempt to run away from enemy; guaranteed after 3 attempts)

Combat stats:
1. Speed primarily affects turn order, but if speed is high enough over the opponent,
the player may be able to take multiple turns for every turn the opponent takes.
2. Dexterity primarily affects the strength of ranged attacks and magic attacks, but it
also increases intentional dodge chance.
3. Stength affects the damage dealt from a melee attack.
4. Agility affects the chance to intentionally or unintentionally dodge.
5. Resistances (to poison, paralysis, sleep, weaken, burn, and frostbite) increase the
chance that the player will not be afflicted with the specified ailment.
6. Max health dictates how much damage a player can take before a game over.
7. Intelligence (similar to MP or SP in other games) dictates how much magic a player
can use in a single battle.

Combat focus modes:
Speed, dexterity, strength, agility, and health can be selected as the combat focus
mode. This is the stat that will level up at the end of a battle. The user can also
select focused mode, which will give a bonus to all stats in-battle, but no stats will
increase at the end. Resistances do not have a combat focus mode, but they can be
trained by fighting enemies with that affinity (i.e. fighting an enemy with a poison
affinity will increase poison resistance). Intelligence cannot be trained; rather,
it increases as the story progresses.

Magic spells (unlocked sequentially as story progresses):
1. Fireball
2. Choose shock OR freeze OR burn
3. Poison
4. Lightning replaces shock, ice beam replaces freeze, or scalding blast replaces
burn
5. Choose shock OR freeze OR burn (excluding choice made for spell #2)
6. Sleep (name of this spell will likely be changed at some point)
7. If shock and burn were chosen: replace both with Zeus's anger; if shock and
freeze were chosen: replace both with static glacier; if freeze and burn were
chosen, replace both with frozen hell
8. Manifest (unusable in combat; only there for story purposes)