Summary of the story so far will be included here.
Note: if the exact chapter number is unknown, it will be denoted by "Chapter X".

Chapter 1:
MC starts a new job at a science facility. Due to unfamiliarity with the facility, he
stumbles into a dangerous experiment by accident. He gets sucked into a mirror, and
when his coworker tries to reverse this, the mirror breaks, and MC is sent to a
different dimension.

Chapter 2:
MC feels like he has just woken up after sleeping for a week and finds himself in a
building that looks like a single-room abandoned science building. Exploring the
building will show signs of struggle. Upon leaving the science facility(?) MC finds
himself in a run-down ghost town. After exploring for a minute, MC finds a large rat.
When the rat sees MC, it attacks him (combat introduction). After defeating the rat, MC
quickly leaves the town.

Chapter 3:
Still recovering from the rat encounter, MC begins to travel along the road, hoping to
come across a city. At this point, MC realizes that he likely is not in his own world
anymore. While pondering this, night begins to fall, and MC realizes that he has
nowhere to stay, and he doesn't know how dangerous it will be. He decides to sleep next
to the road, setting his alarm to go off every hour to give a greater chance of
noticing danger before it is too late. Right before falling asleep, however, he spots
someone traveling down the road. MC calls out to the traveler, realizing only
afterwards that this could be a fatal mistake. Luckily, the traveler seems friendly
enough. Through the course of the conversation, the traveler learns that MC is not from
his universe, and MC learns that the traveler is a well-known mage. MC also learns the
properties of this dimension. Finally, after the mage assures MC that monsters are
incapable of coming this close to the road, the two go to sleep next to the road to wait
out the night.

Chapter X:
Upon walking into the building, MC discovers that it is a lab with a scientist inside.
There is a bit of a commotion where the scientist tries to defend himself from the
invader and MC tries to calm the scientist. After this skirmish is resolved, MC and
the scientist start talking about various aspects of science they are familiar with.
With the scientist's knowledge of magic science and MC's knowledge of technological
science, the two of you decide to engineer a way to grant new spells to magic users,
and eventually create a spell that even MC can use.